today I'm diving into the world of goto
Market plans and we are going to focus
on the crucial step of getting
management buyin I've been working
closely with Enterprises and B2B clients
for many many years and trust me these
three steps I'm going to share with you
are to secr for source to get your
management on your
side you know what nothing matters if
you can't get management buying on your
GTM plan or any plans for that matter if
they don't approve it you can't rally
the team you can't get budget you pretty
much can't move anything forward it's as
simple as that so how how do you get
buying from your management well the
opening of your presentation is key you
want to lose your Management's attention
then in the first two slides two slides
that you are going to share you're going
to do everything possible to capture the
attention if you don't do that in the
first five minutes and you lose them
you're going to turn your deck into a r
hole so how do you capture the attention
well let's think about what they care
the most about your GTM plan they care
about several things how much money I
going to bring in what objective do you
want to accomplish what strategy will
you go about achieving your objectives
how long is
GTM whom do we Market to what is not in
the scope well that's actually for you
otherwise you management is going to ask
for the sky you know what you need to
set that expectation up front to make
yourself successful so here's a simple
slide just one slide your first slide
your opening slide go to market goals
objectives follows by strategies the
timeline what is not in the scope Target
customers and success metrics that's
almost everything your management want
to know so set that up a front so
everybody's on the same
page the next element pre during and the
post go to market structure management
wants to know everything yet guess what
they don't want to know everything so
you have to kind of find that balance in
terms of what to share if you keep it
too high level they're going to ask
every single detail if you share too
many details you're going to put them to
sleep all right let's not do that so you
need to find the balance and that's a
judgment call on your side I can't tell
you what to share or what not to share
it depends on the cobit structure and
also your Management's personal
preference and you know better so you
need to find that balance the next slide
you're going to share is the launch day
what are you going to do on the launch
day preferably you can set it by agenda
then you explain the Rolling Thunder
that you're going to create post
launch prior during and post is one way
to help your management understand your
plan in a logical and a coherent
manner the other thing I want to share
is GTM has three key components product
sales and
marketing now you actually have a preing
and the post timeline you can add the
three key components product marketing
and sale one is like X AIS the yellow
line is like y AIS all right so you can
see on the three slides assuming your
launch date is
T T minus 4 that means four months prior
to launch days and you can see on this
specific slide so I have a launch day
right here which is a star and then I
have tus 4 tus 3 tus 2 T minus1 set up a
timeline and then I have a product
marketing and sales so in one slide you
can summarize the key deliverables and
the major tasks for each
component so that's the preparation
slide now let's talk about the launch
event launch event is really the launch
agenda right what is the theme of the
event venue and also key attendees and
you set up a timeline again explain
what's going to happen say from 8:00 to
1:00 that's assume that's the launch day
timeline so set that up create a summary
Slide the next slide that you want to
share is a post launch rolling thunder
in general that's integrated marketing
campaign so you want to talk about the
key marketing elements that you will
dial up for the next two months which is
t+ 2 assuming you Scope It t+ 2 I mean
of course it can be
longer so these are the three slides
that make things easy for management to
understand and if they understand the
buying is so much easier T minus 4 t t +
2 I have used these templates for my
clients many many times it has worked
very well and modify here and there but
in general the essence of a slide stay
the same so try these steps and let me
know what what do you think of course
the devil is in the details there's so
much more to create a solid GTM plan and
implementation for more details and
insight check out my two blog posts
Linked In the video summary below as
always feel free to reach out with any
planning related questions I'm here to
help you succeed just like I've helped
many of my clients until next time happy
planning take care
bye